Reopen translations (#83)
TurboWarp/docs: docs/website/translate.md

We're looking for people to help translate TurboWarp into languages other than English. If that interests you, read on.

## Requirements to join as a translator {#requirements}

 - You must be **FLUENT IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE**.

>  - For example, you’re fluent in English if you can use the Scratch Addons settings page in English, or if you understand griffpatch’s videos. If you struggle to understand sentences without a translator, you’re not fluent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - For example, you’re fluent if you can use TurboWarp in English, or if you understand griffpatch’s videos. If you struggle to understand sentences without a translator, you’re not fluent.
```
